Add details about merging pull requests (#1808)
python/devguide: core-team/committing.rst

      :ref:`what-s-new-and-news-entries`

Completing the pull request

> ---------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merging the pull request
------------------------
```
If someone is searching for docs on merging let's make it easy for them.

> Once the pull request is ready, you (the core team member) bring it into main.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps

```suggestion
Once the pull request is ready, you (the core team member) merge it into main.
```

> Once the pull request is ready, you (the core team member) bring it into main.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the pull request is ready, you (the core team member) can merge it.
```
It won't always be `main`, we have several other branches.

Reviewer 3: I like this version. "You can merge it".

If other people have been subtantially involved in the review, it can be good
to wait for their approval even if a core team member has already approved the
pull request.

The CPython repo is configured to only accept squashes.  You will squash the
pull request.

Commit message
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> GitHub defaults the squased commit message to a combined list of all of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GitHub defaults the squashed commit message to a combined list of all of the
```

individual commit messages in the pull request. Do not leave those. They often
are too noisy and provide little context, especially since devs know their

> worked will be eventually squashed, so intermediate commit messages while

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
work will be eventually squashed, so intermediate commit messages while
```

working on the pull request are not interesting.

If you think it is important, you can summarize the collaborative work that
went into the pull request, but it is not necessary.  The pull request and/or

> original issue are still available for detailed forensics.

Reviewer 3: Can we use a different terminology than "forensics"? It sounds too fancy for an open source contribution guide.

Author: "detailed investigations of history"
